src/Sparta-Core.package/SpartaStrokePainter.class/README.md, before:

# SpartaStrokePainter
I represent a stroke path operation builder - a concerete type of paint-path draw operation.

## Overview
I define an abstract api that all stroke painters should provide.
I am a final step in path-paint double dispatch and implement all stroke draw related methods.
As optimisation I have separate methods to stroke rectangle and path with color, linear and radial gradients as also with surface.
Backends may implement every method differently, add more dispatch stages or provide a single uniform method.

I am instantiated and pre-configured by [`SpartaCanvas`](../SpartaCanvas.class/README.md).
Do  not create instances of me directly, instead use canvas as service provider.
This way reference to my class will not be hardcoded which increases flexibility.

## Public API and Key Messages

- `paint:` - set an object to be used as paint (can be `Color`, [`SpartaCanvas`](../SpartaCanvas.class/README.md), `SpartaSurface`, [`TSpartaPaint`](../TSpartaPaint.trait/README.md))
- `path:` - set path to be stroked (can be `TSpartaPath` or `Rectangle`)
- `width:` - set stroke width (`Number` - integer or float)
- `dashOffset:` - set the location along a path where the dash of a stroke will begin. The higher the number, the further along the path the dashes will begin. (`Number` - integer or float)
- `dashPattern:` - define dashes using array representation in form {"fill" . "gap" . "fill" . "gap" }, for example #(20 30 50 40)
- `draw` - perform stroke operation with previously configured parameters and options

## Example: 

Fill the whole canvas with white color:
```smalltalk
gradient := canvas paint linearGradient
  begin: 50@25;
  end: 300@200;
  stops: { 0 -> Color red . 1 -> Color blue }.
	
canvas stroke
  paint: gradient;
  path: (50@25 extent: 300@200);
  width: 16;
  dashOffset: 12.5;
  dashPattern: #(25);
  capRound;
  draw.
```
![Stroke example](/images/SpartaStrokePainter/01_stroke_dash_gradient.png)

## Internal Representation and Key Implementation Points.

Concrete backend implementations should subclass me directly, I was never meant to be an external object.

Commit message:

[skip ci] stroke painter class doc to pillar

src/Sparta-Core.package/SpartaStrokePainter.class/README.md, after:

! SpartaStrokePainter
I represent a stroke path operation builder - a concrete type of paint-path draw operation.

!! Overview
I define an abstract api that all stroke painters should provide.
I am a final step in path-paint double dispatch and implement all stroke draw related methods.
As optimization I have separate methods to stroke rectangle and path with color, linear and radial gradients as also with surface.
Backends may implement every method differently, add more dispatch stages or provide a single uniform method.

I am instantiated and pre-configured by *==SpartaCanvas==>../SpartaCanvas.class/README.md*.
Do  not create instances of me directly, instead use canvas as service provider.
This way reference to my class will not be hardcoded which increases flexibility.

!! Public API and Key Messages

- ==paint:== - set an object to be used as paint (can be ==Color==, *==SpartaCanvas==>../SpartaCanvas.class/README.md*, ==SpartaSurface==, *==TSpartaPaint==>../TSpartaPaint.trait/README.md*)
- ==path:== - set path to be stroked (can be ==TSpartaPath== or ==Rectangle==)
- ==width:== - set stroke width (==Number== - integer or float)
- ==dashOffset:== - set the location along a path where the dash of a stroke will begin. The higher the number, the further along the path the dashes will begin. (==Number== - integer or float)
- ==dashPattern:== - define dashes using array representation in form =={"fill" . "gap" . "fill" . "gap" }==, for example ==#(20 30 50 40)==
- ==draw== - perform stroke operation with previously configured parameters and options

!! Example: 

Fill the whole canvas with white color:
[[[language=smalltalk
gradient := canvas paint linearGradient
  begin: 50@25;
  end: 300@200;
  stops: { 0 -> Color red . 1 -> Color blue }.
	
canvas stroke
  paint: gradient;
  path: (50@25 extent: 300@200);
  width: 16;
  dashOffset: 12.5;
  dashPattern: #(25);
  capRound;
  draw.
]]]

+https://github.com/syrel/Sparta/raw/master/images/SpartaStrokePainter/01_stroke_dash_gradient.png|label=strokeGradient+

!! Internal Representation and Key Implementation Points.

Concrete backend implementations should subclass me directly, I was never meant to be an external object.
